Use `PolygonStyle.FillStyle.ColorMode` for Polygon fill color mode (#1729)
CesiumGS/cesium-unreal: CHANGES.md

##### Fixes :wrench:

- Added a missing `CesiumRuntime.h` include in `CesiumPropertyAttribute.cpp` that broke compilation in v2.18.0 on Windows.

> - `CesiumGeoJsonDocumentRasterOverlay` now correctly uses the polygon fill style color mode instead of the line style color mode.

Reviewer: More precise wording:

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in `FCesiumVectorStyle` that made polygons use the color mode from `LineStyle` instead of `PolygonStyle`.
```
